# Fundfest Management Meeting 07/06/15

## Synopsis (tl;dr)
A quick summary of the most important points from the meeting.

    >Prototype for at least web must be done by Mid-August.
    
    >For web, look is being prioritized over functionality, to prepare for the Mid-August deadline.
    
    >We have to start locking down standardized terminology for certain features within the applications.
    
    >Fundfest is not a permenant name, if you come up with a better one, feel free to share.
    
    >The Fundfest Management Team is looking for someone to help with branding/graphic design.


## More In Depth

### > We Have Our First Major Deadline!
We must have something to show off by Mid-August. The Orr Fellowship has a lot of money($500,000 over 4 years, or $125,000 a year), that they are giving out to a project that helps to "build Indy"(or something like that, it sounds like they have pretty loose rules around that money), but they have to decide what they are doing with it .  We will discuss what this means at the next development meeting.
    
### > Look vs Functionality
With our new deadline, web needs to focus on look over functionality so that the website looks good for the presentation. Functionality should not be ignored, but it can take the backseat for now until this project gets funded.
    
### > Critical Web Features Are Getting Narrowed Down
We talked about what the website needs to have in terms of features. Here is the list that we compiled:
    >Story of the founding team
	>map
	>schedule
	>register for booths
	>register early for attendees
	>create and edit project pages
	>create page for free, publish for fee
	>search and view projects
	>projects should have an id(that could possibly be a hashtag)
	>volunteer portal
		>description of volunteer work
		>allow reistration
	>sponsorship page

### > Standardizing Terminology
We need to figure out how we are going to refer to different features, so that it is easier to communicate what exactly we are talking about. Also, documentation will be much easier.

### > Fundfest Name
It has been noted that the name "Fundfest" is not the best, partially because it sounds like "FunFest". If you come up with a better name, feel free to share.

### > Graphic Designer
The Fundfest Management Team is looking for someone to help out with branding/graphic design. If you can help, or can find someone who can, please do so.

### > Feature Planning
We have a few features that we need to start planning, so that we can tell the management team what we can do, and give them accurate-ish estimates on the amount of time that things will take, and how we think that the features will best be setup. Here is the list of these features:
    >Voting on projects
    >Funding
    >Viewing, sorting, and searching projects
    >IDing projects
    >Project Rewards

### > Dedicated Communication
We will need to set up a dedicated communication platform for Fundfest so that we can all communicate, and the Xtern slack is not goint to cut it, because the management team can't get in on that. If you have any strong feelings on this matter, please share.
